Mr. President Trump,

I write with great thanks and relief, as well as a plea and suggestion, from an average citizen who desperately hopes you win the election, and wishes to help in any way I can. You have inspired me to be a hard worker, and a kinder person, to return to college,  to be brave, to take better care of myself, to uplift our military, to be independent, to fight, and to respect my mother like she deserves. So I am trying to help by writing to you, sir, hoping you consider my words. This letter is long, so I have compacted it into a link below for convenience, but I truly hope you give me a chance and then decide for yourself. I will go ahead and say; Thank God you are safe, that your family has their father, grandfather, and husband, and that you are not only alive but seem to not be severely injured. Bless you, sir, and God be with Corey Comperatore, David Dutch, James Copenhaver, their families, and you and your family. And what a wonderful job Miss Kai did speaking to the crowd. I wish Usha and J.D. Vance the best. 

Link below. Thank you for your time, sir.

Google Docs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBdhvpkm_VHukEjQHBrAVQyw-YkB1dP6iIi_ku_r6eI/edit?usp=drivesdk




My suggestions will sound silly, but give them consideration. Any errors I make are out of passion or ignorance; I want to be respectful and accurate, but if I sound juvenile, foolish, or simply an idiot, read my letter regardless. I believe my core message is important and could help your campaign, even if my writing now is lackluster and reckless. I ask that you give my haphazard and ill-formatted letter a chance, President Trump, for our nation.

Any errors I make are out of passion or ignorance; I want to be respectful and accurate, but if I sound juvenile, foolish, or simply an idiot, read my letter regardless. I believe my core message is important and could help your campaign, even if my writing now is lackluster and reckless. I ask that you give my haphazard and ill-formatted letter a chance, President Trump, for our nation.

Needless to say, run my words by the experienced who know much more about the nuances and complexities of politics than me, are older than me, better than me, wiser than me, smarter than me, and who are around you, to view it with a critical eye. I apologize for inappropriate informality, or unintentional disrespect. I thought it better to be authentic and honest with you, sir.

I am an American first. I strive for freedom and peace for all, and in the former and future President of the United States, I see a hero and a leader; someone who by divine providence is not only standing with my country, but standing with his family. I see a man who has shouldered burdens I could not fathom, and who has remained unbreakable against all odds. I see a father, a grandfather, a husband, a patriot, and so much more that cannot be written for the sake of brevity. I am writing to you, President Donald J. Trump, as a daughter who has lost her father and grandfather, has seen her mother a widow and was born at a time when President Bush resided in the White House, but became aware of the world around her when President Obama was in office. I am writing to you as the voice of the young, oddball Americans who have been misled. I will begin with a bit of personal context, onto my greater message for you, and a message I will deliver from a good friend of mine, that I also hope you consider. The world needs you in office.

I am not called “Samantha” by those closest to me, because it is painful. I am referred to as Vanny. I’ve yet to legally alter my name, but I want you to know me by both my Christian and chosen name, as my father gave me the name Samantha, and he is not here to tell me what to do with that gift now that it no longer fits me. I keep it in my pocket for him, so that he will be remembered, but also so I do not have to be a walking ghost; his name was Samuel Clinton Davis, and I was barely six when alcohol addiction swept him from me. He would have liked you, he was a fighter too, and loved to watch fights as well. I watched him play matches on the PlayStation and believed him when he said he was the first man on the moon, and also a doctor. He wasn’t. He was a very redneck, small business owner. But he was everything to me, and I was a proud, southern, redneck “daddy’s girl” then.

My family was torn apart by his death, and it changed the course of my life. My sense of religion, values, and safety was in disarray as my paternal and maternal family separated. My mother almost died in her grief. She didn’t, because she’s a fighter too, and she went from a housewife to a jet engine mechanic. She is other people’s boss now, and a number of the engines she works on are for the military. We lived in squalor while she went to college in her 40s after my father’s death. She wasn’t much of an Obama fan, and I couldn’t bring myself to be either. You came along in 2016, and it was the first I had heard of you, as I was 12 or 13. I remembered liking you, and my mom explained why she thought you’d do a good job. It made sense to me, so I didn’t understand why my somewhat older friends vehemently disagreed.

It turned out to be the media, yes. I went along with everyone else because I was an ignorant child, and thought that the news and journalists definitely could not lie or frame things in a way that distorted someone into something they were not, even though I was a writer and adored the utilization of language and rhetoric. All I knew was that my friends were scared and the internet was ablaze. And online, which was most of my social life due to our isolation and my troubled personality at that age, I was being told that people like you wanted to hurt people like me.

In hindsight, the fact that it wasn’t true makes me outraged. They told me and my friends that we were being threatened when we weren’t. I’m 20 years old now, and can see how we’ve been superficially catered to so that we’ll think politicians are on our side or are “ineffective at best” when they are stoking infighting among us, and placating us rather than protecting us. Many people my age became very radical and disillusioned, as is apparent now because everything seemed lost. We grew up in virtual echo chambers.

We thought awful things, and I’m sincerely very sorry, on behalf of all of us, and for all the things we’ve said. I had a constant itch to like you throughout your presidency, but the recoil of “I am a bad person for even considering he could be decent, how could I betray other people like that,” was strong, and I was weak then. I was too spiteful towards my mother to pay attention. I was part of the problem. I made it worse. I am sorry. 

After you left office, I noticed that under Biden’s administration, life was getting worse, even compared to pandemic times. We were still fighting each other, along with the things you know; high prices, strange laws, and the like. And then the shooting. I won’t dwell on it, but that is what shocked me into paying attention, and it never should’ve taken such a heinous act. Here is my inexperienced advice, but my advice as an avid, fiery internet user, and a young adult, that the media seems to pay mind to. After all, we young people fight like crazy and spread across the internet like the plague. We pay their ad revenue. Or so I think, I don’t know the statistics.

You are an intelligent man, you know that well. You know people are watching, looking for any crass, out-of-context, inflammatory statements to aggravate voters. Prove us wrong. Prove them wrong. We need you to prove us wrong. We need you to be not politically correct, but careful.

With hopefully no more tangents, here is what I have, that you may help us all.

Young people, many people truly, get our information from the news and YouTube Tumblr, X or Twitter, with search results and news being shoved in our faces, rather than by original sources. We are loud and obnoxious. Our videos go viral. We watch rapidly rising videos. We watch big outlets, and again, YouTube is very massive. We listen to what our friends and locals say. Peer pressure is huge. Entertainers are huge. Video/audio entertainers are the biggest for us regular people.

People are on the internet and watching television, enjoying entertainment more than hearings, speeches, and conventions, and this is why we are missing out on the truth. We should be watching hearings, speeches, and conventions on both sides, but unfortunately, many of us are lazy and moronic and are not. I sure once was. But it is what it is.

It seems Harris is your opponent now. Kamala Harris allying herself with the racist Biden, her persecution of other Black folk wrongly from what I have heard; we need to see it. I did not see it until recently. I know others have not, though when I was involved in far-left groups, we hated Harris too for her prosecution track record. "Laughing when asked if she smoked marijuana, after jailing people for possession."

Some people are mobilizing and trying to show others. what Kamala Harris has said. They frame it as something you said to get Anti-Trump groups to listen to the quotes, and then reveal that Harris said it instead. People are shocked it was her, and not you. This is from the internet. These videos are not going viral enough or reaching enough people. They need to. People love hearsay. You know this, sir. You need ripple effects, local talk, rapid spread and impact. The internet will do it. Influencers will do it. Don't let us look away.

Miss Kamala Harris, in the eyes of many Americans, is circumventing our Constitutional rights by not competing with other Democrats, and since President Biden did not step down from the presidency, only the election, Harris hopping over everyone certainly seems like a breach of democracy. That may turn some away from her. But I may be wrong, of course.

My non-politician, uneducated, inexperienced, humble advice as a plea for you to be in the Oval Office once more, and make our country great and united again, is to use some time to interact with influencers and viral creators, show them what you stand for and what a good man you are, so that they trust and like you in good faith, and ask them to create content informing their viewers, encouraging them to learn, and become educated. Ask them to share their experience with you. Uplift those who are showing the truth, help them go viral, and bring America's eyes to what Harris is doing to all of us, for us young and left-wing voters.

We want happy, peaceful, free people. We don't know that you want this too. So tell us. Get the message out there. We thought the left would save us and secure us; they didn't. You are the one promising to do it for us. We wanted rebellion against the elite and deceptive government, and when you said you would be our retribution, we turned against you, like idiots.

Your platform now says "We must be united, I love you, and I will fight for you". We didn't hear it. I almost couldn't believe it when I heard it. So make us hear it and believe it. Tell us you are anti-elitist, tell us that you are the rebel against the system, tell us for the people, all people; we love a rebel. Our country was founded on rebellion, was it not?

"We are taught not to listen to the opposition's side," is what a man rightfully says, one who I am about to very, very strongly implore you or someone from your administration to watch when I direct you to him at the end this section and consider, and see things for yourself. people changing their minds, people going out there for you and other Americans. See just how much viral media and the young generation influence things.

It's fourteen minutes. Please take fourteen minutes out of your very busy day, sir, for the chance that it will help your platform and that your platform will not only help us but save us. The uploader is a Black creator as well, lending credence to his words in the audience's eyes, and I value his perspective and experience. Black creators are not as popular, so many of us are not seeing this.

The video has a lot of material, from not that long ago, of Biden's shocking racist comments, even to me as a white person, and quotes from Kamala that are absurd and can be used for your campaign. Megyn Kelly is on your side now, as well has had clips of Harris that are more impactful than some of the ads I've seen your campaign run on her. Perhaps she could voluntarily submit them to help. I do not know her, but I guess she might want to help. The left and young queer voters certainly aren't watching her. Many political ads can be cheesy or flat, but there is a balance to be found from professional appeal to the older and more sophisticated demographics, and the vivid footage that even older creators and news anchors are using. It will run fast and hard and I think that's what you need now, although I may be mistaken.

If you ask the creator of the video, I will refer to this at the end, of this section or the creator of the video he is reacting to with the female interviewer, or simply watch and then go find the original footage used on your own, I believe it will be effective.

Boosting and meeting with social media creators of all sorts so they can expose the damage the left has done to minorities and the general American people, interacting with them and making a good impression and them saying they met you and you were a good man... if enough creators do this, it will blow up, we will not able to ignore it, it will spread like wildfire. I believe it could change everything if you reach further out to social media creators directly, because we listen to them more than we listen to politicians, honestly. It is quicker. And we all know November is soon.

Additionally; many people would be honored and love a chance to speak to the former President and brag about it, and a campaigning candidate, would they not? Even if they didn't like you, they might come in wanting to give you a piece of their mind, and you could change their mind. They'd tell everyone. You can begin with creators more neutral or predisposed to you. How many people can say they met someone from a campaign or administration or received a letter from them or a President? That they were, in some way, part of a campaign?

If that is illegal — and with the I phrased it, it probably is somehow... — surely it is not illegal for you or someone who knows you, American citizens, to contact other American citizens who are content creators and ask for good faith interactions with them that can be relayed online, is it? Or captured in public? You met Logan Paul. But I am not a lawyer, you and Vance are smarter than me. You get the idea, sir.

Here is the video that prompted the bulk of this message, though I was originally writing it regardless. This is what lead me to believe viral influencer outreach may help you, at least to gauge what shocks the public most, what we are unaware of, and our responses to these clips, as we see them quickly and respond quickly in masses in the comment section. All credit and thanks to the creator. Please watch below, for fourteen minutes, that something may be helpful:

https://youtu.be/hgXDjvE7DxA?si=6k5PM6--qvpudfTC

Or: By “LFR FAMILY”, “47 Years Of Joe Biden RAC*ST Comments”

His other videos may be helpful. I do not know and have not seen them. This one certainly helped me.

And while it is hilarious, and I understand and love when you burn your opponents with your wit and call them out, and I applaud a ruthless businessman for getting things done, and I love a New Yorker's wild manner and brutal honesty: The politically correct, sensitive media will warp you more often than not, and my demographic is predisposed against you. So just be wary for us, for me, and for everyone, sir. I believe you said yourself how important this election will be for our nation. You are a wonderful businessman. You know how to maintain connections and not alienate people whilst rallying many groups to your side.

Give them no inflammatory things to work with. Bring the races together. Tell queer voters you intend no harm for us and love us, even if the other party is convincing us you are trying to hurt us because we are Americans too. That is a big, hot topic right now for us, as queer people feel physically endangered. Tell us we will be safe under you, that is our biggest worry. Show us what a good man you are, and prove us wrong. Do not let them tear down your image as a truly kind human being who supports freedom and democracy. Continue to say that disagreement peace and conversation should thrive. The media will have difficulty demonizing a man who promotes safety for all.

I, as a young LGBTQ+ person with friends of color, who wants a government that protects and loves us and our nation, am terrified of what will happen if Harris gains momentum and people are not exposed for how much the left has lied to us. I am afraid of what will happen down the line with no one fighting for us. I fear we will eat each other alive and tear each other apart. I fear for our economy, my financial future, my mother's future as she ages, and for my friends. But I trust you with all of this, and to keep us safe.

As for that iconic photo, I need you to know something.

In that photo and your strength, I am not the only witness of the American spirit; the world was as well. My dear friend, whom I call a brother, not in blood, but in love, is a Bulgarian citizen. I protect him the way I wish someone would’ve protected me at his age. When I told him that the crowd stilled for you and chanted, “USA,” he said, “I would too.” We have had many talks since then. He supports you despite being so far away.

He said something to me about the writing of this letter, because he is a child, 14 years of age, and transgender. “There is a chance for you, Vanny, and that is more than what I have. Please don’t let it go to waste.”

I admit now that I am queer. Details are irrelevant; I am just part of the LGBTQA+ community, which is destroying itself with infighting and threats at the moment. I hope you can unite us too. I’ll go ahead and say both me and my brother, even though we’re on the transgender spectrum, are against subjects such as transgender folk being in their identity-appropriate sport, ie. biological females in men’s teams and biological males in women’s teams, and especially children. We are also against children having surgery or other irreversible treatments. It would hurt both cis (“normal”) and transgender people. So some of us do have common sense, sir, and just want to be ourselves and not hurt anybody. We are not all radical and have other, more important things than our gender on our minds, and we keep to ourselves. Please consider that conflating these ridiculous propositions of trans-inclusive sports and child surgery with the entire queer community isolates voters who could support you — and by God, I want others to support you and get you in office, especially over Miss Harris.

I ask briefly that you clarify you have no ill will towards queer, including transgender people, walking around and living their lives as humans like any other. It is unsafe for all of us if sports and child surgery are broadly open, but your message to people who support it regardless I think should be that, even if you outlaw these things, as you should, that queer Americans will remain safe, there will not be hate crimes, you discourage violence against us, and there is no ill will towards us. We’re afraid of not being considered human beings. Distinguish the issues. I hope that it reassures them and gets their vote. I know you won’t endanger us, but prove it to me. We need to hear you say it. It will help your election.

These are the words of my 14-year-old informal, dear brother in Bulgaria if you would like to hear from him. The “you” he writes is addressed to me. He is speaking about seeing the progress of gay rights in America, from the perspective of an Eastern European country. Please remember he is just a child.

“This is an interesting topic and I don't think you can fully grasp some of it, because for you that's closer to the norm I suppose. I don’t mean that in an offensive way. We didn't even have words for a lot of it [queer/LGBTQA+ subjects]. We don't. We just took the English terms. Those were not people from my country. Not from my land. They were somewhere else, some place I didn't know. I wouldn't know the names of people, I wouldn't know the places, I wouldn't know the face of the local cashier at the store. Yet they lived. They made it through, they lived, they existed. They still do. And it gave me a weird sense of safety. That maybe there was a place for me, even if my own homeland, my own nationality, did not accept me. Does that make sense? It felt like there was a safety net under me promising me that someone, somewhere, has been through the same thing, and made it out, and lived, and thrived. Sure, we are not the same, not identical. But I saw myself in them, and I hope that someone, somewhere, will one day see themselves in me if I make it through, and think that there is a place for them, too. That they can live. And that it'll be fine. I don't want to offend you and it isn't meant to. I'm just trying to completely set this down and explain to you how [expletive] thankful I am to you. You actually. Because you [expletive] lived. You lived and I'm so proud of you. And that is enough for me. I would've given up. We would've never met. I would've rotten in misery if it wasn't for all those amazing queer people on the internet introducing me to actually being accepted and existing and that there are others like me and I'm welcomed and that, arguably most importantly of all, they lived. They still do, and that means the world to me.” —This is the end of his message.

Inclusion, unity, peace, love, and safety is what we want right now. The internet is the fastest way to transmit the message. Online creators could be your best allies for spreading the word, because our eyes are on them.

Please take care, please by God be safe and in good health, and fight for us all as you promised. We will fight for you and our fellow Americans too. Show us that you care for us all. Get the truth in front of our eyes. Show us how wrong we were. I hope with all my heart that America will hear you. We may only have until November, but on the internet, four months can be a long time. I believe in you, sir. Please don’t let me and my friends down, even if you disagree with our identity.

With the utmost respect, sincerity, and so much gratitude for inspiring me to be a better, kinder, harder-working, more patriotic, more loving, politically-involved, and optimistic American southerner, I, Vanny McKenzie Samantha Davis, or Samantha McKenzie Davis, thank you from the bottom of my heart, Mr. President.

P.S. Perhaps, if it does not bother you, sir, get word to Mr. Ramaswamy that he is extraordinarily intelligent, graceful, inspirational, cool, and I like him.


